Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/configuring-maintaining/logging/_index.md

## Configuring logging

> Logging mode and verbosity level can be configured for AcraServer, AcraConnector, AcraTranslator and AcraWebConfig (deprecated and removed after 0.90.0) in the corresponding `yaml` files or passed as CLI parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging mode and verbosity level can be configured for AcraServer, AcraConnector, AcraTranslator and AcraWebConfig (deprecated and removed since 0.91.0) in the corresponding `yaml` files or passed as CLI parameter.
```
